# Release Notes - Version 1.5.0

*Released on June 30, 2022*

- **Install via Docker**: [Linux](/installation/docker/#linuxubuntu) | [Windows](/installation/docker/#windows) | [macOS](/installation/docker/#macos) | [Raspberry Pi](/installation/raspberry-pi/#install-via-docker)

- **Binary builds are no longer supported. Docker and Source are now the only supported methods of install.**


We are very excited to ship the June 2022 Hummingbot release (v1.5.0) today!

## New Perpetual Exchange Connector: CoinFLEX

[CoinFLEX](https://coinflex.com/home) is a centralized cryptocurrency exchange located in Seychelles. There are 23 coins and 26 trading pairs on the exchange. CoinFLEX volume in the last 24 hours is reported to be at ₿54,774.17. The most active trading pair on CoinFLEX exchange is FLEX/USD. Launched on 16/4/2019, CoinFLEX is a centralized exchange that supports physically delivered derivatives as well as the spot market.

See the [`coinflex_perpetual`](/exchanges/coinflex-perpetual/) documentation for more information.

## New Spot Exchange Connector: Bybit 

[Bybit](https://www.bybit.com/) is one of the fastest growing cryptocurrency derivatives exchanges, with more than 1.6 million registered users. Built on customer-centric values, we endeavor to provide a professional, smart, intuitive and innovative trading experience for retail and professional clients around the world. Bybit is committed to creating a fair, transparent and efficient trading environment, and offer 24/7 multi-language customer support to provide assistance in a timely manner.

See the [`bybit`](/exchanges/bybit/) documentation for more information.

## New Gateway DEX Connector: TraderJoe

[TraderJoe](https://traderjoexyz.com/) is an [AMM DEX](/gateway/exchanges/amm) on the Avalanche (AVAX) blockchain that offers DeFi services, including swapping, staking and yield farming. The exchange has been growing rapidly, attracting over $4 billion in total value locked (TVL) since it was launched in June 2021. Trader Joe claims to take a community-first approach, and to prioritize innovation, speed and safety. It aims to provide a one-stop-shop DeFi experience and to integrate new products without compromising on security.

See the [`traderjoe`](/gateway/exchanges/tradejoe/) documentation for more information.

## New Gateway DEX Connector: Sushiswap

[SushiSwap](https://app.sushi.com/swap) (SUSHI) is an [AMM DEX](/gateway/exchanges/amm) built on the Ethereum network. Originally forked from Uniswap, SushiSwap leverages smart contracts in order to provide liquidity pools that allow users to directly trade crypto assets — with no intermediary. Users can also become liquidity pool providers, supplying an equal value pair of two cryptocurrencies in order to receive rewards whenever anyone utilizes that pool. It is a decentralized finance (or DeFi) protocol.

See the [`sushiswap`](/exchanges/sushiswap/) documentation for more information.

## New Fixed Grid Strategy

In this release, we are happy to introduce the `fixed_grid` strategy for Hummingbot,  the first community strategy created under the Developer Grant proposal [HGP-4](https://snapshot.org/#/hbot.eth/proposal/0xd0c5b54badfd631d7433da0f76795a9dc0d82fc66596d547cda2f3537f903e3f)

The `fixed_grid` strategy is similar to "Grid Trading Bot" strategies available on popular exchanges such as Binance and Kucoin, which are often the entry point of users to algorithmic trading in crypto. The strategy may provide a useful tool for market making in consolidating or range-bound markets, as well as for stablecoin pairs. 

The main parameters needed to set up this strategy are `grid_price_ceiling`, `grid_price_floor`, `n_levels` (the number of grid levels).

See the [`fixed_grid`](/strategies/fixed-grid) documentation for more information.

## Removed Documentation for `celo-arb`, `uniswap-v3-lp`, and `balancer`

We have removed the documentation pages for the `celo-arb` amd `uniswap-v3-lp` strategies since they were designed to work with DEX connectors in Gateway-V1, an earlier, deprecated version of [Gateway](/gateway). For the same reason, we have removed the `balancer` connector page.

We plan to restore these pages if the community adds support for UbeSwap (Celo), Balancer, and Uniswap-V3, respectively, in future releases.

## Developer Updates

### Hummingbot changes

- Refactor the [`gate_io`](/exchanges/gate-io/) connector to bring the code to latest standards
- Remember the last strategy created or imported
- Adapt Trade Intensity Indicator to Use Trade Events
- Add a flag for `start_command`, if `true` do not let `start_command` run

### Gateway changes

- Add support for [`polygon`](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/tree/master/gateway/src/chains/polygon) chain
- Add routes for the forthcoming Uniswap-v3 connector
- Increase default `gas_limit` for [`ethereum`](/gateway/chains/ethereum) chain
- Prevent Gateway from logging calls to `‘/‘`
- Validate changes to `allowedSlippage`
- Check for the node API key when starting a strategy that uses Gateway	
- Restrict possible values for `gasLevel` in the Ethereum Gas Station schema	
- Fix issues related to use of LevelDB
- Allow users to manage the Gateway tokens they want reported with `balance` command	
- Allow users to pull full Gateway config by not providing key

## Bug Fixes

- [#5250](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/issues/5250) Set codec to UTF-8 when opening config files
- [#5262](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/pull/5262), [#5263](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/pull/5263), [#5265](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/pull/5265), [#5286](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/pull/5262), [#5292](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/pull/5292) Fix multiple issues with the Bybit perpetual connector.
- [#5293](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/issues/5293) Remove `_last_recv_time` variable from [`binance`](/exchanges/binance) connector
- [#5303](https://github.com/hummingbot/hummingbot/issues/5303) Align initial screen style with the rest of the client





